It turns out that scum is not Yan Ziqi's rider girl
No wonder Lin Lanli used Superhuman rights
It seems that Yan Zhiyuan deliberately concealed the truth
Yan Ziqi raised Yan scum for 18 years
I didn't expect it to be my daughter at all
Yan Ziqi, Yan Ziqi
You suppressed me for more than ten years
It's not my turn yet.
Upper right leg, then upper left leg
Turn around turn around
Kick why don't you kick
Do you want Hong Tao on purpose?
I've taught you this trick three times
Why can't you learn?
It's not my original fan at all
Master come
For your junior brother, you have suppressed it for more than ten years
Now watch me fight back
Look at your senior sister
I never taught him that before.
He only learned it after watching it a few times
The master is diligent and can make up for his shortcomings
Junior brother, just practice more
Master, I will definitely practice hard
You, you are half as talented as your senior sister
Lin Wenli Yanzi period
What the hell
You are nothing in front of deep-seated training
If Yan Jiachan wins the championship of the fighting competition
Let Yan Ziqi know the truth again
Hahaha, I see what face he has in Lou Cheng
I must let Jia Nan
Win the championship